[android] Fix crash in TTS settings (#6998)
organicmaps/organicmaps: data/strings/strings.txt

    comment = Text displayed when we call browser and device has no browser
    tags = android
    en = Web browser is not available
    af = Webblaaier is nie beskikbaar nie
    ar = متصفح الويب غير متوفر
    be = Вэб-браўзер недаступны
    bg = Уеб браузърът не е наличен
    ca = El navegador web no està disponible
    cs = Webový prohlížeč není k dispozici
    da = Webbrowser er ikke tilgængelig
    de = Webbrowser ist nicht verfügbar
    el = Το πρόγραμμα περιήγησης στο Web δεν είναι διαθέσιμο
    es = El navegador web no está disponible
    et = Veebibrauser ei ole saadaval
    eu = Web arakatzailea ez dago erabilgarri
    fa = مرورگر وب در دسترس نیست
    fi = Verkkoselain ei ole käytettävissä
    fr = Le navigateur Web n'est pas disponible
    he = דפדפן אינטרנט אינו זמין
    hi = वेब ब्राउज़र उपलब्ध नहीं है
    hu = A webböngésző nem elérhető
    id = Browser web tidak tersedia
    it = Il browser web non è disponibile
    ja = ウェブブラウザが利用できない
    ko = 웹 브라우저를 사용할 수 없습니다.
    lt = Interneto naršyklė nepasiekiama
    mr = वेब ब्राउझर उपलब्ध नाही
    nb = Nettleser er ikke tilgjengelig
    nl = Webbrowser is niet beschikbaar
    pl = Przeglądarka internetowa jest niedostępna

>     pt = O navegador da Web não está disponível

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pt = O navegador de Internet não está disponível
    pt-BR = O navegador da Web não está disponível
```

Author: Done

    vi = Đi bộ đường dài
    zh-Hans = 徒步旅行
    zh-Hant = 遠足

  [browser_not_available]

>     comment = Text displayed when we call browser and device has no browser

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    comment = Text displayed when a webview or a browser are disabled, and external links can't be opened.
```
